
VNC 4.1 Java Viewer Source Distribution
=======================================

Copyright (C) 2002-2005 RealVNC Ltd.  All Rights Reserved.

This software is distributed under the GNU General Public Licence as published
by the Free Software Foundation.  See the file LICENCE.TXT for the conditions
under which this software is made available.  VNC also contains code from other
sources.  See the Acknowledgements section below, and the individual files for
details of the conditions under which they are made available.

The java source files are split into three packages, rdr, rfb and vncviewer,
each of which has its own directory.  To build the viewer, simply compile all
the .java files with your favourite Java compiler, and combine the result into
a single JAR file.  The manifest file can be used to make the JAR file
executable.  There is a sample makefile provided with this distribution which
may or may not be of any use to you; it needs GNU make and by default uses the
Jikes compiler.

You can run the java viewer as a command-line program, in which case it behaves
very much like a native VNC viewer, taking options and parameters on the
command-line in the normal way.

The java viewer can also be used as an applet which is downloaded and executed
by a web-browser.  For this you will need to put the index.vnc, vncviewer.jar
and logo150x150.gif files in the appropriate place to be served by a web
server.  For the web server embedded in Xvnc, this means copying them to
/usr/local/vnc/classes, or wherever is configured in the vncserver script.  For
the web server embedded in WinVNC, this means replacing the "HTTPFILE"
resources in the winvnc4.exe executable.  The index.vnc file can be edited to
provide parameters to the applet.


ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
================

This distribution contains Java DES software by Dave Zimmerman
<dzimm@widget.com> and Jef Poskanzer <jef@acme.com>.  This is:

    Copyright (c) 1996 Widget Workshop, Inc. All Rights Reserved.

    Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its
    documentation for NON-COMMERCIAL or COMMERCIAL purposes and without fee
    is hereby granted, provided that this copyright notice is kept intact.
    
    WIDGET WORKSHOP MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES ABOUT THE
    SUITABILITY OF THE SOFTWARE, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT
    NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
    PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. WIDGET WORKSHOP SHALL NOT BE
    LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES SUFFERED BY LICENSEE AS A RESULT OF USING,
    MODIFYING OR DISTRIBUTING THIS SOFTWARE OR ITS DERIVATIVES.
    
    THIS SOFTWARE IS NOT DESIGNED OR INTENDED FOR USE OR RESALE AS ON-LINE
    CONTROL EQUIPMENT IN HAZARDOUS ENVIRONMENTS REQUIRING FAIL-SAFE
    PERFORMANCE, SUCH AS IN THE OPERATION OF NUCLEAR FACILITIES, AIRCRAFT
    NAVIGATION OR COMMUNICATION SYSTEMS, AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL, DIRECT LIFE
    SUPPORT MACHINES, OR WEAPONS SYSTEMS, IN WHICH THE FAILURE OF THE
    SOFTWARE COULD LEAD DIRECTLY TO DEATH, PERSONAL INJURY, OR SEVERE
    PHYSICAL OR ENVIRONMENTAL DAMAGE ("HIGH RISK ACTIVITIES").  WIDGET
    WORKSHOP SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY OF
    FITNESS FOR HIGH RISK ACTIVITIES.

    Copyright (C) 1996 by Jef Poskanzer <jef@acme.com>.  All rights
    reserved.

    Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
    modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
    are met:
    1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
       notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
    2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
       notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
       documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

    THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND
    ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
    IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
    PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS
    BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
    CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
    SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR
    BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY,
    WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR
    OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
    ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

    Visit the ACME Labs Java page for up-to-date versions of this and other
    fine Java utilities: http://www.acme.com/java/
